standardized way to show support, stability, and dependency info (#1871)
temporalio/documentation: docs/clusters/how-to-integrate-elasticsearch-into-a-temporal-cluster.md

  - operation-guide
  - filtered-lists
  - visibility
ssdi:

>   - Elasticsearch v8 is supported from Temporal Server version 1.18.0 onwards
>   - Elasticsearch v7.10 is supported from Temporal Server version 1.7.0 onwards
>   - Elasticsearch v6.8 is supported up to Temporal Server version 1.17.x
>   - Elasticsearch v6.8 and v7.10 versions are explicitly supported with AWS Elasticsearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Elasticsearch v8 is supported beginning with Temporal Server version 1.18.0
- Elasticsearch v7.10 is supported beginning with Temporal Server version 1.17.0
- Elasticsearch v6.8 is supported through Temporal Server version 1.17.x
- Elasticsearch v6.8 and v7.10 are explicitly supported with AWS Elasticsearch
```
